docs/en/faq.md, before:

---
title: FAQ ❓
lang: en
sidebarDepth: 1
---

# FAQ :question:

## Why should I use the LSSM? 
Just ask the users 😉

## In which browsers does the LSS Manager work?
Only desktop browsers are listed here, as mobile browsers are not officially supported.
This table is not yet correct and will be updated with new information!
::: warning Compatibility
A compatibility listed here does not yet guarantee functionality. This is only information that has been collected and evaluated by third parties.
:::
Browser | min. version
--------|--------
Firefox | 54
Chrome  | 51
Safari  | 11
Opera   | 38

## Is the use TOS compliant?
Of course it is. But the development team is in close contact with Sebastian and the XYRALITY in critical situations.

## I want to share my setup with friends or use it on multiple devices. Is that possible?
Yes, there is a button in the [Settings](/modules#settings) for exporting and importing settings. You will get a file during the export which you can save and share. When importing, you can simply select this file from your computer.

## Is there a way to save settings to an account so you don't have to import them to another device?
No, we do not currently offer this feature.

Commit message:

🔀 dev → master (#17)
* ✏️ [DE] Fixed Typo in FAQ

* 💬 [DE] FAQ Update

* Dutch readme

* add metadata page dutch

* Add dutch support

* Englisch translation suggestion

* review update's

* ✨ [NL, EN, ES, FR, IT, NL, PL, RU, SE]

* ♻️ Update installation-file

* 💬 [DE, EN, NL] Readme and FAQ

* 🚀 [Eventmission][Core] Add Something

* ✨ [TR] Added to lssm-v3

* ✨ [PT,BR] Added to lssm-v3

* 🐛 [PT] Fix Domain

* 🐛 [PT] Fix PT Domain again

* ✨  [MX,UA] Added to lssm-v3

* ✨ [JP] Added to lssm-v3

* [KO,RO] add to lssmv3

* Fixed English Spelling/Grammar

* Grammar & Spelling

* Update README.md

* 💬 [FAQ] remove Sebastian

* Multiple English pages changes/addditions (#15)

* Update suggestions.md

* Update faq.md

* Update faq.md

* Grammar

* Name

* File extension

* Added key information

* Created AAR Search

* fixed File extension

* Added modules that do not work with Mapkit

* Create missionhelper.md, add information.

Missing information for what "Other Information" setting does.

* Rename for consistency

Remove Capitals and spaces.

* Rename for Consistency

Remove Caps and Spaces

* Spelling error

* removed spaces in image link

* fixed image link

* Updated FAQ TOS

* 🐛 [en/modules/aarsearch] fix link

* 💬 [en/modules/readme] non-mapkit modules as code

Co-authored-by: Piet2001
Co-authored-by: Tobias
Co-authored-by: Silverarmor

docs/en/faq.md, after:

---
title: FAQ ❓
lang: en
sidebarDepth: 1
---

# FAQ :question:

## Why should I use LSSM? 
Just ask the users 😉

## In which browsers does LSS Manager work?
Only desktop browsers are listed here, as mobile browsers are not officially supported.
This table is not yet correct and will be updated soon!

::: warning Compatibility
Information is collected by third parties, and compatibility cannot be guarenteed.
:::
Browser | min. version
--------|--------
Firefox | 54
Chrome  | 51
Safari  | 11
Opera   | 38

## Is using LSSM TOS compliant?
Yes. LSSM Developers are also in contact with game developers for any possible conflicts.


## I want to share my setup with friends or use it on multiple devices. Is that possible?
Yes, there is a button in the [Settings](/modules#settings) for exporting and importing settings. You will get a file during the export which you can save and share. When importing, you can simply select this file from your computer.

## Is there a way to save settings to an account so you don't have to import them to another device?
No, we do not currently offer this feature.
